hey guys awesome 99 here and today we
are doing this week's mod spotlight
which is custom tours by calculate when
t2 - awesome ah let's get right to it
okay so the mainly in the mod are
schematics
and this is a blank schematic a blank
schematic is crafted by putting two
pieces of paper next to each other and a
crafting table and by the way it is used
in almost every sing in the mod ok so
most of these other schematics here are
dice max the dice mount is created by
putting one leg smack and the specific
color guide in a crafting table and
you'll get dive schematic sly schematic
I'm going to talk to you about here is a
lucky semitic there's crafted by putting
eight gold and one leg schematic in a
crafting table and once you pour on your
soul you get some hand lucky buff which
is pretty cool
okay so today I'm gonna talk to you
about ah be gems there are seven gems in
torque plum which are the physics going
to shock the plane will start in care
and frost gem
these are the gem wars okay so next I'm
going to talk you to you about the core
press the holes so one thing I want to
note is that these are not regular they
are custom how you craft a custom sword
you may be asking you take one of your
regular my passwords and a blank
schematic you put it in a package table
in a shapeless recipe so you can put it
there there there there there you'll get
a custom and that goes for all the other
toys except to just want to kind of
source okay so now Alma so you might be
wondering what other new swords in this
mod are and they are the Emerald whether
they're bone the carrot the glass up
sitting in the pool and
and these were all purchases and sorts
that you can use to craft your custom
choice
okay now I'm so against your custom
sword
I'm using a leather because you can do
something special with it and then get
all your schematics you want to use I'll
get Sears and table just crafted by
putting three iron on the top in static
in the middle two old planks on the
sides and then I mean three smell is
stolen on the bottom so you're gonna
right-click with your custom sword it's
gonna go on there looking all cool and
then you're gonna take your schematics
and you're gonna right-click on it so I
took a guide schematic and I dyed the
blade and this only works on mother
swords but it looks pretty cool anyway
so so now I'm gonna use my scope
schematic let's just change is that I'm
gonna use my blade static it makes it
look really awesome so then I'm gonna
use my effect on stretch neck just to
make clear it gives you this buff not
the / not the person you're attacking
once you strike and then the next one is
effect to moms in the checks schematic
so it's gonna give them all the buff you
put on here and then the next one I'm
gonna out if is effective lipsticks if
it's and you'll get this buff and the
last ones gonna add its durability
display somatic which will just display
the durability so now I'm going to do is
I'm gonna shift and right click you get
my custom sword so real quick right
schematics back in here so I can
probably already tell I have buffs on
because I have this all in my hand
it's really cool it's pretty powerful
too awesome okay so it looks okay sorry
about that
so now I have my custom sword and it
looks really awesome and I have right
now I have speed and night vision but
once I go attack saying one of these
pins over here I will get another
I will also get a whole food but when I
strike the pig it got slowly so easy to
kill so that's really good so okay so
now I'm going to show you some of the
other things
so these sleepwalks
and then so so good um you get your
custom jeweler you're pretty OFI it's
really cool okay now I have these blocks
so there's the flame block which I'm
holding right now does Shogun skeleton
boss block and these playing pour blocks
these are all three blocks in the mod
and they look really cool they're
basically like stone breaks with like
red in the middle and the flame block
basically is just stone bricks with like
right I know like I said it's in it I'm
gonna go and so the Shogun sell skeleton
boss wow it's like a the same as this
one but it has like this so red thing in
it so it's really cool and then me when
Korra book is pretty much the same as
the Shogun skeleton except it has one on
the top and says so now I'm just gonna
destroy my block here and I'm going to
go set them back so now there are the
armors I personally think are you really
really really cool so I'm going to show
you the Shogun one first okay so look at
me
it's so cool most mods don't have armor
that's like a skirt but this one does
it's so cool it looks like so awesome
there's some kind of glitch that it
doesn't exactly move on long with your
body but it's still really cool and it
looks really awesome and the next one is
pretty much the same one as the Shogun
one I just want to show it to you
because it looks really cool to just
look at me I can bite in a skirt that is
so awesome
so that is
basically all the main things online and
it's a really cool long time recommend
getting it I will leave a link to the
download on description so so okay so
that was basically the whole mod it's
really cool on and like I said I was a
link in the description so I hope I hope
you like it and so please like and
subscribe
it's awesome Betty 9 and